README.md, before:

# Sygna Hub Document

## Hub service
![image](platform/assets/hub_docker-compose.jpg)


## Hub service with nginx
![image](platform/assets/hub_docker-compose_with_nginx.jpg)

### How to launch Hub service
1. install docker engine and docker-compose
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/#server)
* [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

2. download [docker-compose](docker-compose.yml) to your desired location, and customized to fit your needs

3. download [example config file](config.example.yml) and rename it to `config.yml`, fill your credentials, and customized to fit your needs

4. execute below command to launch containers
    ```
    docker-compose up
    ```
### How to launch Hub service on cloud
* Check [platform/README.md](platform/README.md) for more deatil settings.

### Database tunning
#### If you encounter database performance issue, you can try following procedure:
1. find your `postgresql.conf`, it's usually located in `/var/lib/postgresql/data/postgresql.conf`
2. change following values in `postgresql.conf`
    ```
    max_connections = 300
    shared_buffers = 512MB
    ```
    notice that higher value require better hardware
3. restart database to apply new configuration

### How to enable google login
1. please refer [document](https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/sign-in) and register your frontend domain in google.
2. fill identifier and secret from google into `config.yml` in backend service 

### API document
* [file](swagger.yaml)
* [website](https://coolbitx-technology.github.io/sygna-hub-api-doc/)

### Shyft relay node setup
If you wish to enable travel rule protocol `Veriscope on Shyft`, follow instructions below to setup your relay node.
1. Head to [chain spec](https://github.com/ShyftNetwork/veriscope/tree/main/chains) in Veriscope github repository, or you can clone entire repository.
2. Choose your target chain name and enter that folder
    * for example, if you're using beta builds of the Sygna Hub, you should select `veriscope_testnet`
    * if you're using production builds (without beta in tag), you should select `fed_mainnet`
3. Download `shyftchainspec.json` and `static-nodes.json` to this folder
    * make sure `shyft-relay.cfg` is also in same directory, it's in the repository
4. You can now try to start shyft relay node via docker compose
    * Please be notified that syncing blockchain takes time, for example, syncing veriscope_testnet takes about 15 mins, and syncing fed_mainnet can take up to 2 hours
    * Please make sure your database mount point (`/opt/nm/db`) has at least 4GB free space

### Webhook events
If you registered webhook_url in `config.yml`, you would receive payload which schema as below:
```
{
    "data_id": [
      "16adba2e-1f03-40d2-95d6-93069c9607be"
    ],
    "event": "RECEIVE_TRANSACTION_HASH",
    "payload": {},
    "request_id": "16adba2e-1f03-40d2-95d6-93069c9607be",
    "time": "2021-11-05T06:09:10.062Z"
  }
```
* `data_id` : unique identifiers in target table and the format are ***uuid***
* `event` : please refer below table to process desired actions
* `payload` : data payload depends on event
* `request_id` : unique identifier for request and the format is ***uuid***
* `time` : when the event was sent at and the format is ***YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MI:SS.SSSZ***

#### all available events
Event         | Description  |  Recipient (Who will receive this webhook) | Counterparty VASP be notified? | Error code |
--------------|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|
RECEIVE_HIGH_RISK_TRANSACTION | The data transfer is high risk. Please accept or reject this data transfer from originator VASP by hitting `PATCH /permission` | Beneficiary VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
RECEIVE_REJECTED_TRANSACTION | Your data transfer was rejected by beneficiary VASP, please refer to the reject message or contact the beneficiary VASP | Originator VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
RECEIVE_TRANSACTION_HASH | You've received transaction hash from originator VASP | Beneficiary VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
SEND_PERMISSION_REQUEST_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send permission_request to the beneficiary VASP. Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 06000 06002 06003 06004 06005 06006 06007 06008 | 
SEND_PERMISSION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send permission to the originator VASP. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 99999 | 
SEND_TRANSACTION_ID_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send transaction hash to the beneficiary VASP Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 99999
HANDLE_COMING_ADDRESS_VALIDATION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when the originator VASP validated whether the beneficiary wallet address belongs to you. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | Yes, Originator VASP receives: `SEND_PERMISSION_REQUEST_ERROR` | 99999
HANDLE_COMING_PERMISSION_REQUEST_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when your endpoint receives the permission_request from the originator VASP. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 06002 06003 06004 06005 06006 06007 06008 99999 | 
HANDLE_COMING_PERMISSION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when your endpoint receives the permission from the beneficiary VASP. Please refer error message | Originator VASP | No | 99999
HANDLE_COMING_TXID_ERROR | There is an unexpected error when your endpoint receives the transaction hash from the originator VASP. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 99999
HANDLE_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_PERMISSION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when the beneficiary VASP was sending permission to you via the email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 02000 02001 99999
HANDLE_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_TXID_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send the transaction hash to the beneficiary VASP via the email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 01002 99999
HANDLE_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_PERMISSION_REQUEST_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send permission_request to the beneficiary VASP via the email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 02000 02001 99999
SEND_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_DEPOSIT_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you requested the originator VASP to provide the originator customer information via the email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 02000 02001 02002 02003 02009 99999
SEND_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_PERMISSION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send permission to the originator VASP via email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 02001 99999
RECEIVE_APPROVED_TRANSACTION_LOW_RISK | The data transfer sent by Originator VASP has been approved by beneficiary VASP and the Beneficiary (wallet address) risk is low based on Originator VASP's Blockchain Analytics service provider, please transfer transaction hash (txid) to beneficiary VASP by PATCH /txid | Originator VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
RECEIVE_APPROVED_TRANSACTION_HIGH_RISK | The data transfer sent by Originator VASP has been approved by beneficiary VASP and the Beneficiary (wallet address) risk is high based on Originator VASP's Blockchain Analytics service provider, please transfer transaction hash (txid) to beneficiary VASP by PATCH /txid | Originator VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
RECEIVE_DATA_TRANSFER_TRANSACTION | Receiving a data transfer when oVASP (Originator VASP) sends the data transfer and bVASP has turned off auto-accept setting. bVASP should decide whether to accept or reject that data transfer by hitting API <PATCH /permission> or via Sygna UI. | Beneficiary VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
SEND_COUNTERPARTY_SERVER_NOT_HEALTHY_ERROR | The Counterparty server is not healthy | Both VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
SEND_DATA_TRANSFER_EXPIRED | When the data transfer has passed with its expire_date, and this data transfer will become expired. | Both VASPs | No | no error code is applicable |

Commit message:

feat: SYGN-13848 define SEND_CDD_REQUEST_ERROR webhook

README.md, after:

# Sygna Hub Document

## Hub service
![image](platform/assets/hub_docker-compose.jpg)


## Hub service with nginx
![image](platform/assets/hub_docker-compose_with_nginx.jpg)

### How to launch Hub service
1. install docker engine and docker-compose
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/#server)
* [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

2. download [docker-compose](docker-compose.yml) to your desired location, and customized to fit your needs

3. download [example config file](config.example.yml) and rename it to `config.yml`, fill your credentials, and customized to fit your needs

4. execute below command to launch containers
    ```
    docker-compose up
    ```
### How to launch Hub service on cloud
* Check [platform/README.md](platform/README.md) for more deatil settings.

### Database tunning
#### If you encounter database performance issue, you can try following procedure:
1. find your `postgresql.conf`, it's usually located in `/var/lib/postgresql/data/postgresql.conf`
2. change following values in `postgresql.conf`
    ```
    max_connections = 300
    shared_buffers = 512MB
    ```
    notice that higher value require better hardware
3. restart database to apply new configuration

### How to enable google login
1. please refer [document](https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/sign-in) and register your frontend domain in google.
2. fill identifier and secret from google into `config.yml` in backend service 

### API document
* [file](swagger.yaml)
* [website](https://coolbitx-technology.github.io/sygna-hub-api-doc/)

### Shyft relay node setup
If you wish to enable travel rule protocol `Veriscope on Shyft`, follow instructions below to setup your relay node.
1. Head to [chain spec](https://github.com/ShyftNetwork/veriscope/tree/main/chains) in Veriscope github repository, or you can clone entire repository.
2. Choose your target chain name and enter that folder
    * for example, if you're using beta builds of the Sygna Hub, you should select `veriscope_testnet`
    * if you're using production builds (without beta in tag), you should select `fed_mainnet`
3. Download `shyftchainspec.json` and `static-nodes.json` to this folder
    * make sure `shyft-relay.cfg` is also in same directory, it's in the repository
4. You can now try to start shyft relay node via docker compose
    * Please be notified that syncing blockchain takes time, for example, syncing veriscope_testnet takes about 15 mins, and syncing fed_mainnet can take up to 2 hours
    * Please make sure your database mount point (`/opt/nm/db`) has at least 4GB free space

### Webhook events
If you registered webhook_url in `config.yml`, you would receive payload which schema as below:
```
{
    "data_id": [
      "16adba2e-1f03-40d2-95d6-93069c9607be"
    ],
    "event": "RECEIVE_TRANSACTION_HASH",
    "payload": {},
    "request_id": "16adba2e-1f03-40d2-95d6-93069c9607be",
    "time": "2021-11-05T06:09:10.062Z"
  }
```
* `data_id` : unique identifiers in target table and the format are ***uuid***
* `event` : please refer below table to process desired actions
* `payload` : data payload depends on event
* `request_id` : unique identifier for request and the format is ***uuid***
* `time` : when the event was sent at and the format is ***YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MI:SS.SSSZ***

#### all available events
Event         | Description  |  Recipient (Who will receive this webhook) | Counterparty VASP be notified? | Error code |
--------------|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|
RECEIVE_HIGH_RISK_TRANSACTION | The data transfer is high risk. Please accept or reject this data transfer from originator VASP by hitting `PATCH /permission` | Beneficiary VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
RECEIVE_REJECTED_TRANSACTION | Your data transfer was rejected by beneficiary VASP, please refer to the reject message or contact the beneficiary VASP | Originator VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
RECEIVE_TRANSACTION_HASH | You've received transaction hash from originator VASP | Beneficiary VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
SEND_PERMISSION_REQUEST_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send permission_request to the beneficiary VASP. Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 06000 06002 06003 06004 06005 06006 06007 06008 | 
SEND_CDD_REQUEST_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send cdd_request to the originator VASP. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 99999 | 
SEND_PERMISSION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send permission to the originator VASP. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 99999 | 
SEND_TRANSACTION_ID_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send transaction hash to the beneficiary VASP Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 99999
HANDLE_COMING_ADDRESS_VALIDATION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when the originator VASP validated whether the beneficiary wallet address belongs to you. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | Yes, Originator VASP receives: `SEND_PERMISSION_REQUEST_ERROR` | 99999
HANDLE_COMING_PERMISSION_REQUEST_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when your endpoint receives the permission_request from the originator VASP. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 06002 06003 06004 06005 06006 06007 06008 99999 | 
HANDLE_COMING_PERMISSION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when your endpoint receives the permission from the beneficiary VASP. Please refer error message | Originator VASP | No | 99999
HANDLE_COMING_TXID_ERROR | There is an unexpected error when your endpoint receives the transaction hash from the originator VASP. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 99999
HANDLE_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_PERMISSION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when the beneficiary VASP was sending permission to you via the email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 02000 02001 99999
HANDLE_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_TXID_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send the transaction hash to the beneficiary VASP via the email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 01002 99999
HANDLE_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_PERMISSION_REQUEST_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send permission_request to the beneficiary VASP via the email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Originator VASP | No | 02000 02001 99999
SEND_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_DEPOSIT_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you requested the originator VASP to provide the originator customer information via the email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 02000 02001 02002 02003 02009 99999
SEND_EMAIL_PROTOCOL_PERMISSION_ERROR | There is an unexpected error(s) when you send permission to the originator VASP via email protocol. Please refer to the error message. | Beneficiary VASP | No | 02001 99999
RECEIVE_APPROVED_TRANSACTION_LOW_RISK | The data transfer sent by Originator VASP has been approved by beneficiary VASP and the Beneficiary (wallet address) risk is low based on Originator VASP's Blockchain Analytics service provider, please transfer transaction hash (txid) to beneficiary VASP by PATCH /txid | Originator VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
RECEIVE_APPROVED_TRANSACTION_HIGH_RISK | The data transfer sent by Originator VASP has been approved by beneficiary VASP and the Beneficiary (wallet address) risk is high based on Originator VASP's Blockchain Analytics service provider, please transfer transaction hash (txid) to beneficiary VASP by PATCH /txid | Originator VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
RECEIVE_DATA_TRANSFER_TRANSACTION | Receiving a data transfer when oVASP (Originator VASP) sends the data transfer and bVASP has turned off auto-accept setting. bVASP should decide whether to accept or reject that data transfer by hitting API <PATCH /permission> or via Sygna UI. | Beneficiary VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
SEND_COUNTERPARTY_SERVER_NOT_HEALTHY_ERROR | The Counterparty server is not healthy | Both VASP | No | no error code is applicable |
SEND_DATA_TRANSFER_EXPIRED | When the data transfer has passed with its expire_date, and this data transfer will become expired. | Both VASPs | No | no error code is applicable |
